
dyoo 2006/10/26: I need to put all acccumlated bugs in a real bug
tracker.  I'll list the ones that I've accumulated from others:


Jon Rafkind:

* it would be nice if shift-t would transpose the current sexp with the
next sexp, as t transposes it with the previous one
* hitting backspace when the current token is empty should go back to
the last token and edit that instead. If I type "fo bar" and realize I
meant "foo" I have to go back to command mode, move to 'fo' and edit it.
It would be easier to hit backspace 3 times, erasing 'bar' and edit 'fo'
directly.
* pressing space on whitespace and then moving breaks divascheme with
the error
DivaScheme Error: #(struct:exn:fail:contract first: expected argument of
type <non-empty list>; given #f #<continuation-mark-set>)
first: expected argument of type <non-empty list>; given #f



Matthias Felleisen:

Did you read all the articles on structured editing from the 1980s?
Also try to find some documentation on how to edit in Franz Lisp.
P.S. Why don't you make it into a PLANET tool?




Mark Haniford:

I have a different problem with DivaScheme.  Sometimes after I've
typed in a function and hit run, I'll get a "colorizer exception" and
the editor is unusable so I have to restart Dr. Scheme



Chris Warrington:

Could the [ key insert the proper '(' or '[' depending on the context
as the [ currently does now? For examples, using only the [ key, I can
produce
(cond [(zero? n) 1]
      [else 0])
With DivaScheme, I have to use { to get the '['.
CTRL+C does not seem to work on Windows.

The F5 key does not work in insert mode. I think that it should exit
insert mode and run the definitions.

    -- should be fixed now: ask Chris to test it out.



David Cabana:

I want to thank you and your team for DivaScheme. It is a very nice
addition to an already outstanding product.  I have a question (of
course). I use the Dvorak keyboard layout, so the i,j,k,l keys do not
form an inverted T for me. Is there an easy way to remap these?  I
looked at the code, but I am just a novice schemer. I could not see
how to do it.



Guillaume Marceau:

sources on readable public svn
add an link to the high-res movie on the web page

release via planet

space-extend is broken

I think ctrl-space should auto-complete too. Also, Eclipse
auto-completes on space+space. Aka, space on an empty token
auto-completes the previous token.

the "backspace on empty token" idea is good

clicking should work in insert mode. it should exit insert then move
losing focus to go read the help desk, for example, should not leave insert mode
w with a length-zero cursor should not move the cursor to the end of the word

undo is wrong around calls to transpose

"The parenthesis of the definitions text are not correctly balanced." brings up the stdout window
under Windows.

Did you know that DrScheme has emacs-style macros? exciting! but divascheme breaks them. 

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;


Mon Mar 27 03:50:11 2006  --- Guillaume

- the mark should disapear after edits, pressing shift-M after each bring is annoying
- previous should stay available

        - _search_ should take multiple arguments ("search define bind")
          Probably many functions in traversal.ss are doing the same thing. mred-state.ss has dead code. 
	- magic should look for completion in the other open tabs and the repl
	- an algorithm for "symbol equal huh"
	- cleanup-whitespace breaks on multilines string, or pipe, or any atomic multinlines ---> solution: before calling cleanup-whitespace, we should ask which object in under the cursor, and if it is an atomic, then returns the end position of this atom to cleanup-whitespace
	- improving every error messages
	- cleanup-whitespace should insert missing space
	- make keyboard searches interactive and colored (like Emacs)
	- next and previous should cycle after giving a warning
	- previous/next are backward for search-backward and search-bottom
	- a command "go to line"
	- a command to center the text in the window
